README.md, before:

# Minecraft Resource Pack Comparator

MCRPC checks your resource pack against any version of Minecraft to show resources missing from your pack for that version. It can also compare any two versions of Minecraft and show missing (added) files.

# Links

Project: <https://sr.ht/~txtsd/mcrpc/> <br>
Sources: <https://sr.ht/~txtsd/mcrpc/sources> <br>
Ticket Tracker: <https://todo.sr.ht/~txtsd/mcrpc> <br>
Mailing List: <https://lists.sr.ht/~txtsd/mcrpc> <br>

Mirrors: <br>
[Codeberg](https://codeberg.org/txtsd/mcrpc) <br>
[NotABug](https://notabug.org/txtsd/mcrpc) <br>
[GitLab](https://gitlab.com/txtsd/mcrpc) <br>
[GitHub](https://github.com/txtsd/mcrpc) <br>
[Bitbucket](https://bitbucket.org/txtsd/mcrpc) <br>

If sourcehut is not feasible, contribution is welcome from across mirrors.

## Installation and usage

Download the correct binary from the [latest release](https://github.com/txtsd/mcrpc/releases/latest) for your platform.
NOTE: Builds on sourcehut are not available yet

Double-click it, or launch it via your terminal of choice.
Follow the prompts, and you will get a list of missing resources.

## Development
Clone the repo

```
git clone https://git.sr.ht/~txtsd/mcrpc
```

You will need [Python](https://www.python.org/)

Install the dependencies:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Or if you have [pipenv](https://github.com/pypa/pipenv) (preferred), install the pipenv environment and dependencies:

```
pipenv install
pipenv shell
```

Finally, run

```
python mcrpc.py
```

## Screenshot
![screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/VyVocCv.png)
![screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/ONGGVN4.png)

Commit message:

chore(readme): Update info about builds and release artifacts
Signed-off-by: txtsd <code@ihavea.quest>

README.md, after:

# Minecraft Resource Pack Comparator

MCRPC checks your resource pack against any version of Minecraft to show resources missing from your pack for that version. It can also compare any two versions of Minecraft and show missing (added) files.

## Links

Project: <https://sr.ht/~txtsd/mcrpc/> <br>
Sources: <https://sr.ht/~txtsd/mcrpc/sources> <br>
Ticket Tracker: <https://todo.sr.ht/~txtsd/mcrpc> <br>
Mailing List: <https://lists.sr.ht/~txtsd/mcrpc> <br>

Mirrors: <br>
[Codeberg](https://codeberg.org/txtsd/mcrpc) <br>
[NotABug](https://notabug.org/txtsd/mcrpc) <br>
[GitLab](https://gitlab.com/txtsd/mcrpc) <br>
[GitHub](https://github.com/txtsd/mcrpc) <br>
[Bitbucket](https://bitbucket.org/txtsd/mcrpc) <br>

If sourcehut is not feasible, contribution is welcome from across mirrors.

## Installation and usage

Download a binary from the latest release for your platform on [the refs page](https://git.sr.ht/~txtsd/mcrpc/refs).
Each tag has binaries attached.
NOTE: Release artifacts are built on GitHub due to cross-platform CI runner limitations on sourcehut.

Double-click it, or launch it via your terminal of choice.
Follow the prompts, and you will get a list of missing resources.

## Development
Clone the repo

```
git clone https://git.sr.ht/~txtsd/mcrpc
```

You will need [Python](https://www.python.org/)

Install the dependencies:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Or if you have [pipenv](https://github.com/pypa/pipenv) (preferred), install the pipenv environment and dependencies:

```
pipenv install
pipenv shell
```

Finally, run

```
python mcrpc.py
```

## Screenshot
![screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/VyVocCv.png)
![screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/ONGGVN4.png)
